>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so another thing
we can do with CSS is art direction.
There is -webkit-filter and
it actually works, I believe,
not just on Chrome, but
prefixed with -webkit on most browsers.
So here, I can change the hue of this.
I can change the blur.
I can change the grayscale.
And so you see -webkit,
they're called shaders.
It's a CSS filter effect,
but they're called shaders.
I said -webkit-filter:blur(5px)
grayscale(.06) hue-rotate and
there's other properties down here.
>> Estelle Weyl: I'm gonna reset it,
cuz I really don't like it.
Let's go with sepia.
>> Estelle Weyl: If you wanna
do an old-school photo,
you can do it right there in the browser.
You can do all of your images have sepia,
and when you hover over them,
they get rid of their sepia.
It's basically doing art without
adding extra images on the web.
So those are shaders.
>> Estelle Weyl: The next one
is a background-blend-mode.
So here I have an animated
SVG heart as a background,
just to show you what
you shouldn't do online.
You should not have
an animated background,
cuz this will get really tiresome really,
really quickly.
But you can do an SVG animation.
I did grab the idea from someone,
and it's credited in the SVG code.
And you can take a look
at the SVG code and
actually learn how to do
this type of animation.
So what I did is I did color-dodge.
So if I get rid of this,
you'll see I have two backgrounds.
I have a gray gradient that
goes from black to white.
Let's just make this visible.
Shoot.
>> Estelle Weyl: I can't actually
hit a return in this example, but
maybe I can hit a backward space.
Yep, okay, so
I'm going to make this color-dodge again.
And then I'm going to change this
from black to white, to red to white.
And so you saw the colors change,
and then I'm gonna do blue.
And then I'm gonna do transparent.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so
here you saw that I did color-dodge.
What's nifty is, if I can go down, we have
all these other options of luminosity,
color, saturation, hue, exclusion,
difference, soft-light, hard-light,
color-burn, color-dodge, lighten, darken,
overlay, screen, multiply, and normal.
So let's try some of these.
>> Estelle Weyl: So I don't like multiply
cuz it actually shows my background
image on top.
Let's try color-burn.
>> Estelle Weyl: That's cool.
So this is not like I'm gonna teach
you deep-dive how to do this.
I just wanted to show you that
background-blend-mode exists.
And it's actually pretty
decently supported.